hey whats up guys its mr. friendly one
here again and today I am coming to you
with a everything must go video I'm not
quitting I just want to sell most of my
stuff so I could get some cash and you
know I invest on other stuff now with
this I would kind of want to buy a new
collection but uh yeah I got let's see
three burners here we're good binder or
one medium binder and one dollar binder
I also got a ancient fairy dragon man
remember everything here is for sale
cash only and yeah you can also offer
for my wants like specific wants below
you can only offer for those and those
are probably gonna be high on cards and
here are some of my decks these are
eight decks that I am probably willing
to sell and you know annotation will
probably be on these decks here you can
click on them I could probably adjust
them to the format so you know you can
deal with them with like dark holes and
monster reborn so make sure you click on
one of these and I'm going to move on to
the actual binders so first we'll start
with the good biter oh yeah I also have
these blue eyes ultimate sleeves I have
like seven packs of these probably seven
dollars each I'm going to be selling
them pretty nice you know just yeah and
yeah let's move on to the binder okay
that's a secret honest and secret dark
creator I'm proud like I will pretty
much want to sell everything like as a
whole you know this entire collection
and if you have any questions just ask
me you know but try to offer instead of
you know asking me if I still have this
and still have that blah blah blah and
zip super true needs to go dynasty and
let's see super rota beginning of the
end right here ultra monster reborn
super pot of avarice Superman can show
up there and yeah go Stardust LT LT
secret to go down wounds so yeah I
prefer that if you want to buy you want
to buy this entire collection I'll
probably like give you a good deal yeah
I have like a lot of stuff here probably
not the best stuff and I'll know if I
told you guys but yeah i'm selling this
probably for 20 to 25 bucks just play
mat and you're very dry again and let's
see here's I'm like you know here's some
cards that don't really fit into the
good binder these are from the jump and
secret marshmallow on some stuff monarch
stuff and these are this is lob red-eyes
black dragon and secret from the 10 Dark
Magician so yeah that's it for this
binder pretty short and we have we have
the dollar binder which is everything
here is one dollar but you can probably
like trade with for these cards and yeah
and I can also like give you a pretty
good deal if we buy a lot so basically
for this binder it's um I think you have
to buy minimum of five and get buy 10
get one for free stuff like that there's
some okay stuff here
and a lot of people you know message me
and you know said they want to buy
dollar butter stuff but then they never
send so that's kind of disappointing you
know know if you if you're serious about
buying it I recommend that you just give
me the address right away give me
address right away you know what you
want to buy you know and yeah I'll get
back to if like this stuff is gone
because I do have a lot of these dollars
on herself and there's six goblin
zombies okay these are like kind of bad
condition most of these cards are good
condition but you know you never you
never know because i have just so much
these cards okay
so yeah like I said you know try pme me
you know with an offer don't just ask me
random questions this is not dollar
minor stuff so ignore this is for my
decks okay so that's kind of a dollar
bonder and for these decks ah pretties
decks um I'm probably like not going to
go through them in this video just click
on the annotations just click on the
annotations if you want me to like
modified deck maybe take out like one or
two cards I could probably do that for
you but I'm pretty much gonna sell the
deck as a whole and i can adjust like i
said i can adjust the decks to the
current format ah yeah so click on these
just click it you know check it out so
that's it ah this is mr. from the one
here and I'm out peace out